README.md, before:

# Cab-Booking-Flutter-Web-App
Cab Booking Web App in Flutter

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/113463.png)](https://youtu.be/MqenkR-mBp4)


> This is a startup guide for setting up your project.

## Prerequiestes
* Flutter webdev serve configure
* Dart

## The project is helpful for me to exercise following concepts 

~ XML parsing in dart
~ Async Programming
~ Bloc Pattern
~ Staggered, Tween based Animations
~ Persistence storage using File API 
~ Integration with media player plugin
~ Flutter Compute method (for heavy xml parsing in another thread)
~ Google Map Integration in Flutter etc


# Getting Started

You can download this repo or clone using below command. (folder-name will be project folder in which you want to start your project).

git clone <https://github.com/JadavChirag/Cab-Booking-Flutter-Web-App.gitt> <folder-name>

or from **Download Zip**

<https://github.com/JadavChirag/Cab-Booking-Flutter-Web-App.git>


## Installing Dependencies

Install it once globally &  go to project folder and run this command:

> flutter packages pub global activate webdev
> flutter packages upgrade

## Project Run

Now go to project folder and run this command:

### For iOS (Device or simulator)

> open -a Simulator
> flutter run

### For Android (Device or simulator)

> flutter run ( flutter run -d all app run in both platform)

### For Web (PWA)

> webdev serve

>Everythig is setup and you are good to go now. Happy Coding :)

Commit message:

~ Snazzy Responsive Design ~ Refactoring to patterns template method
~ Bot Chat Feature coming soon ......

README.md, after:

# Cab-Booking-Flutter-Web-App
Cab Booking Web App in Flutter Template

Cab offers you just about everything you are looking for in a free taxi service website template. Almost, too obvious, don’t you think? But you know the gist of it; keeping things simple and to the point is one of the best approaches to succeed online.

With Taxi, you bring your transportation services front and center, and that is what matters most. On top of that, above the fold, you will find a sophisticated and advanced booking form with a date and time picker. What’s more, Taxi gives you a chance to introduce yourself, why you are the best taxi business in town and how they can benefit from you. Of course, do not forget to add a personal touch to your online experience and they will love to return to book another ride.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/113463.png)](https://youtu.be/MqenkR-mBp4)


> This is a startup guide for setting up your project.

## Prerequiestes
* Flutter webdev serve configure
* Dart

## The project is helpful for me to exercise following concepts 

~ XML parsing in dart
~ Async Programming
~ Bloc Pattern
~ Staggered, Tween based Animations
~ Persistence storage using File API 
~ Integration with media player plugin
~ Flutter Compute method (for heavy xml parsing in another thread)
~ Google Map Integration in Flutter etc


# Getting Started

You can download this repo or clone using below command. (folder-name will be project folder in which you want to start your project).

git clone <https://github.com/JadavChirag/Cab-Booking-Flutter-Web-App.gitt> <folder-name>

or from **Download Zip**

<https://github.com/JadavChirag/Cab-Booking-Flutter-Web-App.git>


## Installing Dependencies

Install it once globally &  go to project folder and run this command:

> flutter packages pub global activate webdev
> flutter packages upgrade

## Project Run

Now go to project folder and run this command:

### For iOS (Device or simulator)

> open -a Simulator
> flutter run

### For Android (Device or simulator)

> flutter run ( flutter run -d all app run in both platform)

### For Web (PWA)

> webdev serve

>Everythig is setup and you are good to go now. Happy Coding :)
